hey how's it going so I wanted to take a
few minutes to test out this tool
intended for front leveling with these
strings still on it's a tool called the
katana and it is made by a guy named
David Viso Lee and he's in Japan you can
check them out at rectify master calm
anyway this is a pretty neat little tool
that you can use to level your frets
with a string still on its string
tension and so I'm going to give a shot
I'm gonna give it a try and see huh so
when you get the katana here comes with
a few things and grant it you can see
all this on their site but it comes with
these little brass pyramids here let's
see if we can get that in and you put
these pyramids between the D and the G
strings at your first fret your eighth
fret or so and maybe like right around
the 17th and what you'll then do is you
take your katana you lay it on top of
that and you want to make sure that it's
touching at each point so essentially
you're and you can do that by adjusting
this knob here so you're gonna go ahead
and make me this ooh
has it got some text messages out son me
get more and more text messages and
what's wrong shall we see
well Sean asks hey man sorry buddy how
long should one typically allow clear
coat to dry before wet sanding is this
where the fingernail test applies well
that's a good question Sean and I'm
happy to answer it live depending on
what the material is shot most common is
Bo lacquer it's easily accessible so
generally you will wait my rule of thumb
is about four to six weeks because
lacquer will continue to gas off and if
you stand it and and buff it out too
soon
you'll stand off too much and as its
gassing off the remaining clear will
sink in and you won't necessarily have
enough left that make sense make sense
to me
hope make sense to you and I guess I'm
gonna have to get this video up so
alright so back to the old katana here
so we lay this down and there are videos
on their site a little bit closer to the
end here
all right touching they're touching
there I get a little room here so it
just the old knob here
looks good to me so then we take the
little pyramids off put them in a safe
place and then there's this other little
tool it's a string lift and you put this
in here and you twist it and you lift
forward and what this will do is it will
elevate the strings for you so then this
will slide underneath this underneath
the strings
there we go okay so now we're covering
the entire fretwork the manual suggests
to to sand and like an X kind of motion
so and you don't need to
since this covers the entire fretboard
you don't really need to move it a whole
lot so let's do that one of the things
that I did before instead of filming is
I did my normal step of sharp being off
the frets just to see how much I'm
taking off just make sure that it's done
that uniform level even though I've got
the the neck elevated here it's
important to to support this because if
I'm just we're just to push down this
neck is gonna bow with me so it's
important just to make sure that you
know you're supporting the neck
so I got through all six strings with
the katana and it did a really nice job
next is a do the little crowning that's
what this is I guess and since I've
already covered that in another video
I'm will go ahead and stop here but this
particular guitar is just a little parts
guy that I put together for myself and
the frets were a train wreck and I could
either reef read it or not and I would
say that the katana saved me the hassle
of having to do a reef right obviously
I'll eventually have to do that but and
Buzz all over the place and a lot of
tuna but you're gonna do yeah so I like
it give it a shot
try it today won't you
nothing I'm just filming